---
title: FAQ
description: "THND Project"
hero:
  image:
    file: ../../../assets/logo/thnd-cloud-logo.png
  actions:
    - text: Order Of hodl on TG
      link: https://t.me/orderofhodl
      icon: telegram
      variant: secondary
      external: true
    - text: THND AI on X
      link: https://x.com/thndai
      icon: x.com
      variant: secondary
      external: true
---
# What exactly is the THND project?

THND is a crypto project created by veterans in the crypto space with the purpose of changing the way people trade. They believe that in order to be successful there doesn’t need to be “winners” and “losers.” They believe in helping people rethink crypto trading and move past the “degen mindset” by providing a trading platform that manages crypto portfolios for steady growth. All funds are controlled by the user. THND is NOT an investment and is a license to access an advanced trading platform.  
 

## What makes THND different from other AI tools?

## Who created THND?

THND was developed by a team of cryptocurrency pioneers.

​

## What is the contact address?

0x7567d006f6be77E3D87Aa831855CB4102E37b17D

## What is the benefit of holding THND?

Holding THND gives you benefits based on how much you hold. This includes access to the AI Trader, revenue sharing opportunities, and even custom made NFTs. More information for each of these will be shared below.

## What are the tokenomics of THND?

As the name “Three Hundred” suggests, the max supply was 300 tokens. Each time THND is traded, 3% of the trade is permanently burned. This 3% does not go to a marketing wallet for later use, it is completely removed from the supply and is gone forever. This burn makes THND a deflationary token.

## Is the liquidity locked? If so, for how long?

Liquidity has been locked for 300 months.

## How do I get THND?

There are two ways to obtain THND.

​

1. Simply click on the “Buy” link on the THND.io website to be taken to the location you can purchase THND using the traditional method of an exchange.
    
2. Click on the “OTC” link on the THND.io website to be taken to our OTC partners to view current offerings and purchase THND directly from another holder.
    

## What is the best way to purchase? OTC or through an exchange?

While both are safe methods, we recommend that if you are wishing to purchase a large amount of THND (1 token or more) that you utilize the OTC method to reduce the impact of slippage.


---
  
## What exactly is the AI trader?

THND AI is your AI-powered co-pilot for the exciting, yet sometimes overwhelming, world of crypto trading. Pioneered by a seasoned team, THND AI brings expertise, transparency, and community to the forefront of your crypto journey.  
 

Imagine this:

- Automated Profits: Our eagerly anticipated AutoTrade feature takes the reins, making intelligent trading decisions based on real-time market data. Sit back and watch your portfolio grow with positive average user gains since launch.
    
- Smarter Fees: Forget sky-high transaction costs! THND AI's sophisticated gas optimization and routing techniques save you up to 40% compared to leading competitors. More gains, less fees - that's the THND way.
    
- Community Focus: We believe in open communication and collaboration. Join our vibrant Telegram community, engage with the team, share your thoughts, and learn from other traders. Your voice matters at THND.
    
- Shared Success: Skin in the game? All Net revenue goes directly back to our users, proportional to your holdings. The more you hold, the more you earn. It's a win-win for everyone.
    

##### THND AI is more than just a platform, it's a philosophy:

- Expertise: Decades of experience in AI and trading fuel our cutting-edge technology.
    
- Transparency: We keep our doors open and our communication clear. Ask us anything!
    
- Community: Your success is our success. We thrive on collaboration and shared knowledge.
    
- Profit: We believe everyone deserves a piece of the pie. Our revenue-sharing model empowers you.
    

## What makes the THND AI trading platform different from other AI-powered platforms?

The lead developer has an extensive understanding of automated crypto trading software, with years of automated and profitable trading history using millions of dollars of crypto. With over three decades of experience in artificial intelligence, network security, and software programming, he is more than qualified to develop this AI trading platform.

## What is NΞXUS?

NΞXUS represents our AI Trader vision. Every token every 60 seconds, heuristics, technical indicators, sentiment, and much more.

## How much does the AI Trader cost?

The AI Trader doesn't "cost" anything. To use the fully featured telegram "bot", 0.97 $THND token is required for access. When a single token is linked to the custodial wallet generated by the AI Trader, a 3% true burn is applied (as with all transfers). If you decide you don't want to use the system anymore, you can sell your token and lose access.  
  
Holding 1 Azuki Ape gives you access to the $SOL and $ETH trader. Holding 0,97 $THND gives you access to everything including the Layer One trader. There are no recurring fees or subscription costs.

## What are the current features the AI Trader offers?

Sophisticated gas optimization and routing techniques can save you up to 40% more in network fees than leading competitors. 50% of all revenue generated is shared directly with all users, proportional to their holdings. THND AI also provides the current features.

- AI Buyer Mode: Automated Buys
    
- Auto Manage: Automated Sells, DCA, and Double Down.
    
- Target Mode: Finds ideal buy/sell times with precision. ⚠️ EARLY BETA ⚠️
    
- Pioneer Mode: Detect very early stage coins, sometimes so early, they are not even called by Alpha callers yet.⚠️ VERY EARLY ALPHA ⚠️
    
- Stables Rotation: Auto Enter and Exit Stable Coins and ETH based on market forecasts.⚠️ AUTO IS BETA ⚠️
    
- Contract analysis: Simply paste in a contract address and the trader will give you it’s opinion on the token, the expected hold times, and even an estimated rate of return.

## How do I gain access to the AI Trader?

Currently there are two different ways to gain access to the trader. Holding 1 Azuki Ape gives you access to the $SOL and $ETH trader. Holding 0,97 $THND gives you access to everything including the Layer One trader.
